Yes.
Okay.
Oh. We were talking about linguists.
Yeah.
I don't think so...
Like a calendar?
I don't know... like I want to learn.
Yeah.
Yeah. Nobody... nobody. Yeah.
Yeah, I didn't know they developed different when before the start.
Yeah. That's true. Yeah.
No, no, no, no, no. Just the language.
mmh
Oh, of developing a language. Yeah, yeah.
That's really cool though.
Yeah.
It has several. I think it's mainly.
one that they usually use like the kind of more like youngsters usually use.
Okay, we can start Star Wars.
Oh... Okay.
The movies?
Okay, the first trilogy? 4, 5, 6, I like 5.
Ring four. I like five.
Yeah.
Yeah. I like five.
I always like the middle of trilogies for some reason.
Yeah.
On Two Towers? aah. I see.
Yeah that's true.
Yeah.
Aaah....
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh. To read.
Uh.
Uh-huh.
Ooohhh...
Oh wow! That's cool!
Uh-huh.
Oh....
Uh-huh. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
uh-huh. I think Feanor will star together.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
mmh, yeah.
Oh, really? I didn't know that. Aww.
mmh
mmh. That you like.
Mystery kind.
Historical fiction in real life.
Yeah. Yeah. That's good.
I think our homeschool program um, make this grid of a lot of historical fiction.
That... yeah. Yeah....
Yeah, I think that's your theme, right? Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. You're like reading until like 2 in the morning.
That's all he wants.
Yeah.
I think for me
recently I read like a fantasy like duology.
It's like an adaptation of Peter Pan. It's like by a Christian author.
So I was like, okay, I want to check it out. So it was pretty interesting
Yeah.
I think the message though really got to me
The message of those book. It's like the importance of growing up.
I think, because Peter Pan though... so, yeah, yeah. So like
He runs into really serious dilemmas because he can't grow up. Yeah.
Yeah.
No. It's okay. Yeah.
yum...
Oh.
right. um...
Oh, from the nine communions? Besides the one we already made?
Oh.